Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku sora wo
hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
Get up! Everyone, get up!
It's the middle of the night!
What's going on?
Leave me alone!
Idiots!
You're students!
Can't you stay up late?!
Everyone! Change into
your swimsuits right now!
What? Swimsuits...?
Swimsuits?!
Don't be dopey, Onizuka!
Shut up!
Swimsuit! Swimsuit! Swimsuit!
The last night in Okinawa...
...is a special event...
Let's begin!
What...What is it?
Excuse me, Onizuka-sensei.
What is this?
Oh, this?
It's a hotel, which was built
as a big resort development...
...but the plans
became deadlocked...
...and it went bankrupt.
You didn't say
anything about that.
A swimsuit party
at this time of night...?
What are you going to do?
It's summer! Of course
you know what that means!
Kimodameshi.
(A test of everyone's nerve.)
Kimodameshi...?
Oh, that's stupid!
Kimodameshi is for kids!
Are you sure?
Why do we need to wear
swimsuits for Kimodameshi?
That's right!
What are you thinking of?!
Calm down.
You don't need to get excited.
You will see...
Oh, I forgot to mention...
...because of the bankruptcy,
the owner of this hotel...
...committed suicide in a fire...
See. There's still a black
burn mark on the wall...
Don't scare us...
I was just surprised...
What is Onizuka thinking?
Kimodameshi...?
Now do you understand?
If someone clings to you...
...wouldn't you rather be
touching their bare skin?
You mean...
That's right..!
The rules are simple.
You just need to write
down your name...
...in the notebook
on the basement floor.
But in pairs of boys and girls.
Pairs of boys and girls?!
Uehara... I thought
you'd be excited.
After all, this is your chance...
...to be with a man
alone in the dark...
I see...
That's what he's thinking...
Onizuka's trying
to pair me with Yoshikawa...
I'm going to announce the pairs.
First, Yoshikawa and Uehara.
Kikuchi and lijima.
Makimura and Tanaka.
Kato and Yamada.
Ichikawa and Sasho.
As I thought..!
- Uehara-san.
- Akiyama and Asakura.
- We're together again.
- Amimoto and Izumi.
- I guess so.
- Takahashi and Sakai
Yoroshiku!
(We'll watch out for each other!)
- Yeah...
- Hirano and Kakimoto.
And Kanzaki and Shirai,
Tokita & Mishima.
Wait a minute! Why am I
the only one in a group of four?
Couldn't help it.
They all insisted
on being on your team.
Kanzaki-san's hair color
is exactly the same as Sayla's.
She's also aloof like Sayla.
Hey, Onizuka!
We don't have partners.
With whom should we pair up?
Oh, you guys are
with Fuyutsuki-sensei.
What?!
Am I here
to even out the numbers?
No.
You, together with
Murai and the others...
...are responsible
for scaring them.
Scaring them?!
Hey, don't walk too far from me!
What are you laughing at?
I just remembered
that you scare quite easily.
What do you mean?
Aren't you scared?
I don't have a sixth sense.
That's beside the point.
What?! What?! What?! What?!
Something is coming!
Don't worry!
That's Onizuka-sensei!
It's headless! How could you
know that's Onizuka?!
Because the upper body
is abnormally long...
...and he is the only one
who wears clothes like that.
I see...
Why are you
knocking me down?!
You held on to me
and then knocked me down!
Why would I have
to hold on to you?!
Really, she is not
honest with her feelings...
Kushaan, Kushaan...
"At a time like this, it is
better to be a coward, isn't it?"
Like people say, I wonder
if ghosts really have legs?
"The legs are
just for decoration."
"High-ranking officers
don't know that."
"You're sharp, kid!"
I don't understand...
I don't understand what
they are talking about at all...
"Don't worry."
"You, Sayla, can do it.
I'm sure of it."
Who is Sayla?!
There!
I suppose they want us
to watch the video...
This...this is..!
SADA
Sa...da...
Why are you running away?!
It's Sadako!
Why is she coming out?!
It's nonsense!
Ghosts are an illusion
caused by human fear!
That's just a theory.
Success!
I didn't think they
would get that scared!
This may become my hobby!
Was that a scream?!
I don't know.
Wait. Don't leave me!
Are you not talking
to me because of Aizawa?
That is a different matter.
Yeah...?
Come to think of it...
...we did Kimodameshi
last year, too, didn't we?
Yeah. We had
surume (dried squid)...
...at the vacant house
in Inogashira park.
We had to eat it and come back.
The apartment was so spooky...
...that the ghost really
seemed to appear...
We finally found the surume...
...and just at the moment
we were about to eat...
That was not funny...
That may be
the first and last time...
...you'll be seen
seriously upset...
It was fun at that time...
Everyone was so close...
lijima, you can
come back anytime.
If you want to...
Why don't you quit being
stubborn and enjoy it with us...
...like you used to?
I can't.
Because if I did...
...Miyabi will be alone...
For Miyabi,
that incident isn't over yet.
So I also...
Here it is.
Here. Why don't you
write yours, too?
Don't worry. She'll be back.
What?
At the Kimodameshi last year...
...do you remember who was
laughing and crying the hardest?
Who was the most honest
with their feelings?
So let's have fun
and wait for her.
Then someday Onizuka
will bring Aizawa back to us...
Yeah...
ROUTE
- Hey, let's go to the second part!
- Okay!
ROUTE
It's getting cold.
Are you all right?
First of all, why are you
the only one wearing a T-shirt?
Onizuka told us
to wear a swimsuit.
You're so gullible.
What do you mean?!
I don't understand at all!
That's all right.
I'll let you have this.
Of course you should.
Now, are you sure
this is the right way?
It seems like the plants
are becoming gigantic.
The sign indicated
this was the route...
...and this is
a sugar cane field, isn't it?
What's that? A wolf?!
Japanese wolves are extinct.
First of all, there are
no wolves in Okinawa.
Here it is!
Did you see that?!
Don't worry about that.
Wait! It's dangerous.
It's all right. It's all right.
DOGMAN
DEMON DOG
Fujiyoshi!
Instead of a human-faced dog,
he looks like an eel-dog!
Don't be rude. You should
act like you're scared!
OBJECT X
Murai..!
OKIKU DOLL
That's Kusano!
What's this? It's not scary at all!
I told you it wasn't scary.
I remember when I was
in elementary school...
- When did I...?!
-...we went to explore...
...the graveyard...
- It's been...
-...and the priest found us...
-...since kindergarten...
-...and chased us.
-...that I've held hands...
- The priest who chased us...
...like this...
- Now I remember...
-...looked exactly like Fujiyoshi.
...a high school boy
confessed his feelings...
...about me one time
and we went to a movie.
At that time...
...I felt like an invisible
man was sitting between us...
The time inside the theater
seemed to stretch.
I wonder if I've been afraid...
...to get close
to people like this...
...to have other people
know my feelings...
Maybe that's why I've kept
my distance from people...
I wonder...
Time goes by so fast
when I'm with him.
Are you all right?!
Now I've done it...
This was expensive...
If you don't mind,
you can wear these.
What?!
- That's all right.
- I'm all right.
I can walk back barefoot.
But...
Let me see your feet.
But..!
Never mind! Now stand up!
What?! But... But...
Wow! Your feet
are big for your size.
Size 25?
I'm a 26 and a half.
You're kidding! I can't believe it!
You grew up so fast...
...once you started high school.
Who knows? You may
end up being 180cm tall!
I'm glad...
About what?
Because you've
been quiet for a while...
...I thought you were bored
being with a guy like me...
He's too...
He's just like me...
He's afraid to get hurt, too...
Hey, it's the love birds!
Very hot!
They're a hot couple!
Looks like you're having fun.
Can we join you?
What are you going to do?!
Such a terrible thing
coming from such a cute face.
Leave that geek
and have fun with us!
No! Leave me alone!
Leave her alone!
Yoshikawa!
Leave her alone?
Are you going to fight us?
Yoshikawa!
Knocked out with one punch.
Just as I thought,
he's got no guts!
Boss! What should
we do with him?
Leave that cherry!
Let's go now, cutie pie!
Dance with us all night!
Yo...Yoshikawa...
A cute woman like you
deserves better...
There are a lot better
guys than this nerd.
Weren't you embarrassed
to be seen with this geek?
Let's go.
Let's leave this boring cherry.
What are you doing?!
Shut up, you old fart!
What's with this
hysterical woman?
Apologize to Yoshikawa!
Blood! Blood!!!
Leader!
Do you really
like that wimpy guy?
You're right, Yoshikawa is short!
He isn't handsome,
and he's a nerd!
He's not athletic, and his grades
are much lower than mine!
Even the girls pick on him!
So what?!
You say that...
...but do you still like him?!
Are you saying you love
that shorty that much?
That's right! Do you
have a problem with that?!
I love him!
Yoshikawa...
I can't help loving him..!
So what?!
Something wrong with that?
So it's true!
This is a great scoop!
Who would've ever imagined
Uehara falling for Yoshikawa?!
See? It's exactly like I said.
You're...?!
Wasn't it Uehara who
picked on Yoshikawa?
It seems like
the more she loves him...
...the more she wants
to pick on him...
I see...
Don't try to figure it out.
First of all,
why are you guys here?!
Never mind that.
It was good because you were
able to admit your true feelings.
Right, Uehara?
By the way,
we recorded what you said.
You're kidding!
Now everyone's
gonna laugh at me!
Don't worry about that.
Rumors end within 75 days.
That's not the point!
Are you still embarrassed?
What?
...but do you still like him?!
Are you saying you love
that shorty that much?
That's right! Do you
have a problem with that?!
I love him!
Yoshikawa...
I can't help loving him..!
Was this a lie?
Other people laugh at you?
Short? Weak?
That's nothing...
...if you really love him...
Listen, Uehara.
Real love will make you blind.
Like yourself a little while ago.
At that time
you were extremely cute.
Here we go.
It's a memory for you...
...to remember to be
honest with your feelings.
Don't be so embarrassed.
I'm not...
It's nice to be young...
You hit me, you punk!
Yoshikawa! Stop it!
It's not a punk, it's teacher!
He punched me in the stomach!
Hey, you! Just because I didn't
fight back, you crossed the line!
SADA
Sa...da...
Hey! Stop playing and help me!
What are you doing?!
It's not done yet!
Wow! I had one
that was backwards!
I'm sorry, Sayla...
I'm telling you, I'm not Sayla!
Hey, Tokita. Pour the soy sauce!
Mishima, plate, plate!
Sea turtle!
Let's eat this, too!
Is it okay to eat a sea turtle?
Idiot. Of course it's okay.
I don't think so...
Wow! Ouch!
My injury's really starting to hurt!
What?! Are you
threatening me?!
If you eat a sea turtle...
-...it will heal...
- What are you doing, Anko?
- That's not fair!
- I'm collecting star sand.
They sell it at the souvenir store.
That's all right.
According to the book...
...unless I collect it
on my own, it won't work...
What won't work?!
What are you wishing for?
It's a secret.
What do you mean?
You have someone you love?
I'm telling you, it's a secret.
Wow! Are you serious?!
Oretachino miraiwa
dokoe tonde yukuno darouka
Kitto atenonai tabidakara
hitasura tonde yuku dakesa
Doushiyoumo naku yarusenai
mainichiwo tomete kuretara
Antano iukoto
subete nandemo kikusa
Zaisanga ikura attemo
nanikaga tarinai oretachiwa
Kawaranai kono kazeto
nioiga subete nanosa
Oretachino ashitawo
imamo sagashiteru tokoro
Waratcha damedaze
hontouni dokoka kiesou dakara
Oreno yuganda imano serifuwo
wasurenaide kureyo
Mou yoruwa owarisou
dakara imawo hashirinuke youka
Oretachiwa imaga subete
Oretachiwa imaga subetesa
Owaranai yoruga hajimaru
Kimeteyaruze konya
NEXT EPISODE
It's true...
Mizuki is...
...dead...
Shoot! Please be on time!
Where?! Where are you?!
SEE YA NEXT TIME